# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile - -o requirements.txt
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-intel
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   nbconvert
cachetools==5.4.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
debugpy==1.8.2
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via tensorflow-intel
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
google-auth==2.32.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
grpcio==1.65.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-directml-plugin
    #   tensorflow-intel
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
h5py==3.11.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.26.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.3
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.4
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
kaggle==1.6.14
keras==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow-intel
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow-intel
markdown==3.6
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.2.1
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.23.4
    # via
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   opencv-python
    #   opt-einsum
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-intel
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-python==4.10.0.84
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   tensorflow-intel
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pillow==10.4.0
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-intel
psutil==6.0.0
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   kaggle
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via kaggle
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.13
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   kaggle
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.19.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==71.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-pasta
    #   kaggle
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   tensorflow-intel
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
split-folders==0.5.1
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tensorboard==2.10.1
    # via tensorflow-intel
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow-cpu==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow-directml-plugin
tensorflow-directml-plugin==0.4.0.dev230202
tensorflow-estimator==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
tensorflow-hub==0.16.1
tensorflow-intel==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.31.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tf-keras==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow-hub
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via kaggle
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   ipython
    #   tensorflow-intel
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.6.0
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.43.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-directml-plugin
widgetsnbextension==4.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
